---
source_file: Product/Battery and Pack/315Ah电池报告/UL1642（280 305 315）/20240620_AESC ESS_315_UL1642.pdf
source_ext: .pdf
parse_type: pdf
simulated_by: desktop-format-sim
simulated_date: 2026-04-24
---
David Piecuch
UL Mark Certification Program Manager
Any information and documentation involving UL Mark services are provided on behalf of UL LLC (UL) or any authorized licensee of UL.
For questions, please contact UL Solutions Customer Service at https://www.ul.com/contact-us.
Page 1 of © 2024 UL LLC. All rights reserved.
Form-ULID-013925-CoCa – ver 1.0
2
UL-US-L65895-03511-02103202-2
MH65895-20230120
Issued to:
Certificate Number:
UL-US-L65895-03511-
02103202-2
Report Reference:
MH65895-20230120
Issue Date:
2024-06-18
Envision Dynamics Technology (Jiangsu) Ltd.
NO 66 SHENTAI ROAD,SHENGANG SUBDISTRICT WUXI,
Jiangsu 214000
China
This certificate confirms that representative samples of:
BBCV2 - Lithium Batteries - Component
See Addendum Page for Product Designation(s).
Have been evaluated by UL in accordance with the component requirements in the
Standard(s) indicated on this Certificate. UL Recognized components are incomplete
in certain constructional features or restricted in performance capabilities and are
intended for installation in complete equipment submitted for investigation to UL LLC.
UL 1642, Edition: 6, Issue Date: 2020-09-29, Revision Date: 2022-
10-12
Additional Information:
See UL Product iQ® at https://iq.ulprospector.com for additional information.
This Certificate of Compliance indicates that representative samples of the product
described in the certification report have met the requirements for UL certification. It
does not provide authorization to apply the UL Recognized Component Mark. Only
the Authorization Page that references the Follow-Up Services Procedure for
ongoing surveillance provides authorization to apply the UL Mark.
Only those products bearing the UL Recognized Component Mark should be
considered as being UL Certified and covered under UL’s Follow-Up Services.
Look for the UL Recognized Component Mark on the product. 1
Certificate of
Compliance

C E R T I F I C A T E O F C O M P L I A N C E
Certificate number UL-US-L65895-03511-02103202-2
Report reference MH65895-20230120
Date 2024-06-18
David Piecuch
UL Mark Certification Program Manager
Any information and documentation involving UL Mark services are provided on behalf of UL LLC (UL) or any authorized licensee of UL. For questions, please contact UL Solutions Customer
Service at https://www.ul.com/contact-us.
Page 2 of
© 2024 UL LLC. All rights reserved.
Form-ULID-013925-CoCa – ver 1.0
This is to certify that representative samples of the product as specified on this certificate were tested according to the
current UL requirements.
Model Product Description
4LH3L7 3.2V 976Wh Rechargeable Battery Cells
ESS 4LH3L7 280A # Rechargeable Battery Cells
HC-L315A Rechargeable Battery Cells
